So now that we have our
Lambda artifacts created and
we've defined our infrastructure,
we can then go back to those CDK commands.
We can do a CDK diff, And
take your time, don't rush.
I'm just gonna showcase this.
If you need to see some code,
please, just ask me, I'll go back.
If you run CDK diff,
you'll see it's gonna take some time.
It's gonna look at that snapshot,
which actually exists this time and
it's no longer just added green stuff.
We're making modifications to our stack,
right?
If you scroll up,
we're adding a new DynamoDB:Table.
We're adding a new policy and
this is a modification to
the existing Lambda Function, right?
And there's some metadata
that is changing, right?
Basically adding a new service or
default policy, which,
in layman's terms allows this Lambda
communicate with a DynamoDB:Table, right?
But this is, I want to highlight kind of
the value of doing a CDK diff as like
a layer of protection to see, okay?
Is this really what I'm doing
my deploying what I wanna do?
And then you can just do CDK deploy.
Once you deploy items, the first time,
it's always the longest time because
that's to spin up the brand
new resource for it.
When you're making updates to the
infrastructure, it's a lot faster, okay?
There was a really good question
about the local deployment.
I definitely think if you are going to
have CDK, something you do like 24-7,
having a local instance where you
can test stuff and kind of move and
iterate faster is worth the investment.
It's just if I were to set that up for
this workshop,
it would have been a good portion
of it just setting that up.
So we can just wait while this
finishes updating and creating.
And if all works well, once we query and
invoke our Lambda Function,
we should see the record
in our new DynamoDB :Table.
And it should be the username and
the password we pass it in.
Now let's go back to
our Cloudformation and
we can just go back here, go to stacks.
If we refresh just in case,
we can remove these props, these tabs.
Go to our stack, you can see resources,
now we'll have a user table.
So our lambda function and our user table,
we can click into this user table,
click into this lambda function.
Lambda function, it's really gonna look
exactly the same as the previous UI.
Nothing's different, maybe the package
size is a little bit increased because
we've added more,
a lot more files and folders, etc.
So obviously that's gonna increase.
But if you look at our DynamoDB,
if you go to explore table items,
you'll see here there's no items
it's an empty database, right?
But now we have it deployed.
So we have a way to store data
which I think is really cool.
And now if you go to test and
run pretty much the exact same test.
Let's go ahead instead of doing one
parameter will be two parameters.
I'm gonna put username as milky and
if you're faster than me just go ahead and
insert it right and
put password 123, And put password,
let's go ahead and test,
boom, successfully called.
You know what?
I did miss something.
My apologies.
We didn't actually pipe down
the function here.
We have the same handler request.
So I got too excited.
Instead of doing just that handler request
cuz it's still calling the same function,
we now actually have to
make use is our app.
To do my app, okay?
We're gonna declare it.
And instead of passing
the direct function,
what we're going to do is my app.API
handler that register user handler.
And now when we again unfortunately
have to go through that same process of
creating artifacts, redeploying it but
this one will be much faster.
So go back to a lambda directory,
you can run a make build and
then go back and
go right away into a city key deploy.
And because our CDK deploy is not
deploying new infrastructure,
it's not gonna give us that prompt of you
want to confirm the change yes or no.
Because we're modifying existing infra and
we're not changing the underlying
properties of that infrastructure, so
we're not gonna get that confirmation
message, it's going to deploy it for us.
You can see here, there's gonna
be an update in progress, right?
So now we're updating our lambda function,
we're updating everything that's gonna
be touched with this new CDK deployment.
Cool, so now we have it, we can go back.
I like to do a hard
refresh no matter what and
if you go back to test if it's
on JSON have to put all these
parameters in again password One,
Two, Three,
put our password value here
I'm gonna put username and
the value instead of value one
let's just put Melkey test it.
Boom, no, no error.
If we go back to our DynamoDB we hit
this with a refresh Melkey password One,
Two, Three.
So now we have this way to invoke
functions and have that invoked function
hit other infer that didn't know
existed 20, 30 minutes ago.
And again,
I know we're showing plain text passwords.
You can put the pitchforks
down a little bit.
We're gonna change this when the hash will
make it work in a more production level,
starting with hashing and
validating that password.
But I want to show the step of how we
now interact with another piece of